WinRTjs/BasicPlaybackApp/BasicPlaybackApp/readme.md, before:

﻿
ONLY THE SOURCE AND BINARY CODE IS LICENSED UNDER THE MIT LICENSE.  ANY INCLUDED IMAGES ARE PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY, NO FURTHER USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THESE IMAGES IS ALLOWED.

#Copyright (c) 2016 Microsoft. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
#
#
#
#NOTE:
This sample uses linked folders to pull in tv.js.  You must download the entire repo to run this sample or edit the project to include tv.js directly.
#
#Sample Notes
This project does not include any third party script libraries.

Commit message:

Initial check-in of a simple media player app that plays MP4.  Demonstrates how to pull in tv.js into a Windows app that plays media.

WinRTjs/BasicPlaybackApp/BasicPlaybackApp/readme.md, after:

﻿
ONLY THE SOURCE AND BINARY CODE IS LICENSED UNDER THE MIT LICENSE.  ANY INCLUDED IMAGES ARE PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY, NO FURTHER USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THESE IMAGES IS ALLOWED.

#Copyright (c) 2016 Microsoft. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
#
#
#
#NOTE:
This sample uses linked folders to pull in tv.js.  You must download the entire repo to run this sample or edit the project to include tv.js directly.
#
#Sample Notes
This project does not include any third party script libraries.

When you run the project, select the 'A' button on the Xbox One Controller to view the MediaPlayer Controls.
